PHP update (#1249)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/how-to-send-a-signal-with-start-in-php.md

---
id: how-to-send-a-signal-with-start-in-php
title: How to send Signal-With-Start in PHP
sidebar_label: Signal-With-Start
---

> You may not know if a Workflow is running and can accept a signal. The `WorkflowClient`->`startWithSignal` API allows you to send a Signal to the current Workflow instance if one exists or to create a new run and then send the Signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where you may not know if a Workflow is running, and want to send a Signal to it, use `startwithSignal`.
If a running Workflow exists, the `startwithSignal` API sends the Signal. 
If there is no running Workflow, the API starts a new Workflow Run and delivers the Signal to it.
```
